# Doxygen with Github Actions

In this repository, Sphinx documentation is generated from the output generated by Doxygen using Breathe.

### Repository structure

`include` : The header files or .h files that contain function declarations

`src` : The .cpp files that contain function definitions

`docs_sphinx`: This is where the documentation is generated. In the `_build/html` folder, `index.html` is the landing page for the Sphinx docs

### Working

On changing/adding/deleting code or files to the `src` folder, run `make html` in the `docs_sphinx` folder, this generated the latest documentation, and is present in the `_build` folder


### Testing with VALE

# Getting Started Guide

I can’t play. It’s my dad. They’re late. My experiment worked. They’re all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Well, they’re your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Okay. Are you okay? Whoa, wait, Doc. What, well you mean like a date? I don’t wanna see you in here again.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Jesus, George, it’s a wonder I was ever born. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker’s electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I swiped it from the old lady’s liquor cabinet. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?
